English Curriculum: Block 17 (#59564)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-about-speculation-and-requests/67f007ad79ef192af858ecf6.md

---
id: 67f007ad79ef192af858ecf6
title: Task 66
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-66
---

<!-- (audio) Jessica: Could it have been a phishing attack? We had a report of a suspicious email. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

Jake thinks there's a possibility. What could he say?

## --answers--

`It's possible.`

---

`It's impossible.`

### --feedback--

`Impossible` means there is no chance, but Jake believes there is a possibility.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Jake can say `It's possible` because he thinks there is a chance that the suspicious email was part of a phishing attack.

> `Impossible` comes from the prefix `im-`, which means **not** or **the opposite of**. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Impossible` is formed by adding the prefix `im-` (which means "not" or "the opposite of") to the base word `possible`. For example:
```
